Add a missing compatibility note in the 1.80.0 release notes (#129263)
rust-lang/rust: RELEASES.md

- [Turn `proc_macro_back_compat` lint into a hard error.](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/125596/)
- [Detect unused structs even when implementing private traits](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/122382/)
- [`std::sync::ReentrantLockGuard<T>` is no longer `Sync` if `T: !Sync`](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/125527) which means [`std::io::StdoutLock` and `std::io::StderrLock` are no longer Sync](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/127340)

> - [alloc: implement FromIterator for Box<str>](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/99969/)

Reviewer: 0.3.36

- [Turn `proc_macro_back_compat` lint into a hard error.](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/125596/)
- [Detect unused structs even when implementing private traits](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/122382/)
- [`std::sync::ReentrantLockGuard<T>` is no longer `Sync` if `T: !Sync`](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/125527) which means [`std::io::StdoutLock` and `std::io::StderrLock` are no longer Sync](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/127340)
- [Type inference will fail in some cases due to a new impl of FromIterator for Box<str>](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/99969/)

>   Notably this breaks versions of the `time` crate before 0.3.55, due to no longer inferring the right impl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Notably this breaks versions of the `time` crate before 0.3.36, due to no longer inferring the right impl.
```

> - [Type inference will fail in some cases due to a new impl of FromIterator for Box<str>](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/99969/)
>   Notably this breaks versions of the `time` crate before 0.3.36, due to no longer inferring the right impl.

Reviewer 2: Further tweaks, and also 0.3.35 has the fix.

```suggestion
- [Type inference will fail in some cases due to new implementations of `FromIterator for Box<str>`.](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/99969/)
  Notably, this breaks versions of the `time` crate before 0.3.35, due to no longer inferring the implementation for `Box<[_]>`.
```
